# Week 6, Day 1, Jun 8 2015

## 4:1s Ask me about this, if I forget to mention it!

We are starting 4:1s this week. I will meet with you in groups, and we will cover whatever you want,
field questions, etc. Come ready to learn and get your questions answered! No topic is off the table.
(Well, *almost* no topic. :)

### Group 1: Mon @ 3

- Royce
- Eric
- Lindsey
- Lynn

### Group 2: Tues @ 3

- Lee
- Brenden
- Mark
- Ben

### Group 3: Weds @ 3

- Falon
- Miriam
- Elizabeth
- Coleen
- Patti

### Group 4: Thurs @ 3

- Justin
- John
- Peter
- Andy

### Days when your group doesn't have a 4:1 with me

You are encouraged to take over the FE classroom at 3 Mon-Thurs while I'm doing the 4:1s. You will
run a self-directed huddle (similar to what we did with the midterm huddles):

- Find something on Dribble and build it
- Work together on the evening's assignment
- Try to solve a coderbyte challenge
- Whatever you want to work on

After my 4:1, I'll swing by to see what you've done, and I'll spend 10-15 minutes reviewing the
work, discussing alternatives, answering questions, etc.

## Lecture notes

- [Browserify](https://github.com/tiy-durham-fe-cohort4/resources/blob/master/lessons/browserify.md)

## Exercise

Write a function called `add` that can be called like this:

```javascript
add(1, 2); // returns 3
add(2, 2, 1, 5); // returns 10
```

It can take any number of arguments and it will add them and return them. To do this, you'll need
to use the `arguments` feature of JavaScript. This is an array-like local variable that is included
in every function and refers to the arguments of the function. So, `arguments[0]` is the first 
argument to the function, `arguments[1]` is the second argument, and `arguments.length` tells you
how many arguments your function actually has.

You can convert `arguments` into an array pretty easily.

[Read more about it here.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/arguments)

## Homework

This is a multi-day assignment.

If I forget to tell you how views are bundled, *ask me*!

- [Etsy 2.0](https://github.com/tiy-durham-fe-cohort4/etsy-starter)

## Reading

[The Susy SCSS grid system](https://css-tricks.com/build-web-layouts-easily-susy/)

## Optional reading

Some of you asked about Ramda, so [here's a slide-deck](http://scott.sauyet.com/Javascript/Talk/FunctionalProgramming/) 
that provides a nice glimpse into why it's awesome. Note this is *advanced* stuff, in my opinion! So
its optional reading.